README.md, before:

# Project: YIN & SOUND IN THE SOUTH

My first milestone project is actually a prototype for a real product: A static website for our Yin-Yoga and Sound Healing Training Immersion in the South of France. Besides being student at Code Institute and future Software Developer Extraordinaire, I have been a Yoga Teacher and Sound Therapist for the past 5 years here in France.

One of my personal dreams has been to create my own retreats and immersive experience-training programs for aspiring yoga teachers and sound healing practitioners. In the beginning of 2019 I encountered the perfect partner (a sister-like yoga teacher and entrepreneur with a bunch of experience and a lot of love in her heart!) and the perfect location (a permaculture retreat center in the French Alps, one-hour drive from Nice!). On this first phase of project development we are doing everything ourselves to keep costs and base-investments low, and I am in charge of web development and digital communications (using my web developing skills and previous marketing experience). 

For this project I will be wire-framing on Figma and using Cloud9, GitHub and GitHub Pages for developing a Bootstrap4 mobile-first website.



## My UX Process and Strategy

### 1. Who is our target client (avatar)

#### This website is targeted to:
- Qualified and aspiring yoga teachers, wishing to improve their skills and teach Yin Yoga with Sound Healing in their communities;
- Students and practitioners of yoga, fitness or alternative healing modalities wishing to develop a deeper understanding of Yin Yoga and Sound Healing for their own personal or vocational purposes;
- Regular clients who love yoga and are looking for a wellness retreat or short experience-based vacation in nature.

#### Our demographic is (from larger scope to main avatar):
- French and International clients (mostly from: Europe and USA) ranging from 25-55 years old;
- English-speaking expats living in the South of France (Nice, Antibes, Cannes, Monaco, Menton and surrounding areas, as well as Paris);
- Our current yoga students and clients from Nice and surrounding area (already introduced to our business);
- Our main client-avatar is: females between 30-45 years old who are interested in: yoga, alternative medicines, hiking, outdoor activities, vegetarian and organic food, ecological affairs, and mainstream spirituality.

### 2. What is our client looking to achieve

This client-avatar is looking for information online on how to get trained or improve their Yin Yoga skills. They are looking for either a formal training or an immersion experience that leads to qualifications for teaching Yin Yoga with Sound Healing support (these two modalities are often used together and lead to combined training). Clients desire to experience an immersion fast-track, retreat-like program that functions as both intensive training and/or short vacation. Budget is an important element, and they usually can’t or afford or don’t wish to invest in flagship trainings from Yoga Alliance, for example. 

They need a well explained presentation, in form of an online webpage, that lays out all the important details on how / where / when they can achieve their goals and what they will get as a result if they sign up to our program. They also expect to have easy access to registration and online payment options, as well as easy contact to inquire about the program if they are unsure or need assistance making a decision.

### 3. How YIN & SOUND IN THE SOUTH will help clients achieve their goals

The webpage is a user-friendly, one-page scrolling site containing text, images, videos and table layouts to help and guide clients into finding the information they are looking for.

#### User Stories:
A female English-speaking expat in the South of France, who relocated with her husband and needs to redefine her career and social life. She is looking to quickly integrate the job marketing by becoming a yoga instructor among expats moms in her small town community with a short and budget-friendly training.

- I want to know upcoming dates and price options for this local training, and so I click on the PRICE & DATES item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see a table with 4 different price packages and a second box with the upcoming training dates in this page-section.

- I want to know details about the precise location where this local training is held, and so I click on the LOCATION item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see descriptions, photos and video in this page-section showcasing the retreat center.

- I want to know details about the training schedule, and so I click on the SCHEDULE item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see the page-section with 5 column-grid showing the schedule from Wednesday(Day1) to Sunday(Day5).

- I want to know details about the training program and the learning outcomes, and so I click on the PROGRAM item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see a description of the philosophy behind the training, to whom it is for and what I will learn if Ì take the training.

- I want to get to know the teachers in this training, and so I click on the MENTORS item on the menu to automatically scroll down the page and see their bio and profile photo.

- I am ready to enroll in this local training, and so I click on the ENROLL / CONTACT button on the menu bar, or the REGISTER NOW button on the hero image, to automatically scroll down the page and find the registration form.

- I want to inquire about enrollment in this training, and so I click on the ENROLL / CONTACT button on the menu bar, or the REGISTER NOW button on the hero image, to automatically scroll down the page and find the INQUIRE NOW button to get in touch with the staff.

- I am very interested in the training while I get to the bottom of the page into the registration section, but I am not yet ready to enroll, and so I click on the NEWSLETTER button to sign up to receive future news via email related to this training.

### 4. My WireFrame on Figma (link)

https://www.figma.com/proto/SBGSRVoWq5737gajqHsn5VjN/YT?node-id=0%3A1&scaling=min-zoom

This was my first wireframing experience and it was very positive. It took me sometime and frustration to learn how to use Figma, but once I understood it, wireframing became a necessary must. After finishing my wireframed mockup website, I felt secure about going into development because I knew exactly the fonts, colors, layouts and the appearance I was going to achieve through developing on Bootstrap. I feel wirefraning is a time saver, a space where I can make all the design tests and decisions as well as UX mistakes and fixes, so the developing phase is guided and smooth.


## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### 1. Existing Features

(- Feature # - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z)
- Feature 1: Inquire Button and Contact Form
- Feature 2: Enroll Button 
- Feature 3: Newsletter Button

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### 2. Features Left to Implement

- Contact Form
- Mailcnimp Form as Modal
- PayPal payment method




## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- Framework used: Bootstrap4 — Bootstrap has an undeniable power and flexibility, and has great documentation; I used Bootstrap for it’s practicality and cleanliness, as well as because responsiveness is a priority for this project (having a mobile-first design was important for reaching and communicating with the target client)
- Bootstrap4 CSS  — Used for web design in tyling and branding.
- Bootstrap JS — Used for responsiveness, modals, read more collapsing button, smooth scrolling navigation.



## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.



## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

- Final Version deployed to GitHubPages:



## Credits

### Code
1. The smooth scrolling navigation with JQuery was used from Kevin Powell
	- Youtube Tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0YnVwAuNQI
	-  Code Pen Repository: https://codepen.io/kevinpowell/pen/dWzGox
2. Simple modal contact form from: https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/modals/forms/

### Media
- Part of the photos used in this site are owned by me and my partner
- These photos below are stock-free images obtained from Unsplash:
	- (1) Mountain Range https://unsplash.com/photos/mMzVTy2V1Do
	- (2) Forest Girl https://unsplash.com/photos/yIEN_h5ZC58
	- (3) Orange Cat https://unsplash.com/photos/XpiPvnx0H5M
	- (4) Sunset https://unsplash.com/photos/I2YSmEUAgDY

### Acknowledgements
- I received inspiration for this project from

Commit message:

Adjusted margins and added Mailchimp form to modal

README.md, after:

# Project: YIN & SOUND IN THE SOUTH

My first milestone project is actually a prototype for a real product: A static website for our Yin-Yoga and Sound Healing Training Immersion in the South of France. Besides being student at Code Institute and future Software Developer Extraordinaire, I have been a Yoga Teacher and Sound Therapist for the past 5 years here in France.

One of my personal dreams has been to create my own retreats and immersive experience-training programs for aspiring yoga teachers and sound healing practitioners. In the beginning of 2019 I encountered the perfect partner (a sister-like yoga teacher and entrepreneur with a bunch of experience and a lot of love in her heart!) and the perfect location (a permaculture retreat center in the French Alps, one-hour drive from Nice!). On this first phase of project development we are doing everything ourselves to keep costs and base-investments low, and I am in charge of web development and digital communications (using my web developing skills and previous marketing experience). 

For this project I will be wire-framing on Figma and using Cloud9, GitHub and GitHub Pages for developing a Bootstrap4 mobile-first website.



## My UX Process and Strategy

### 1. Who is our target client (avatar)

#### This website is targeted to:
- Qualified and aspiring yoga teachers, wishing to improve their skills and teach Yin Yoga with Sound Healing in their communities;
- Students and practitioners of yoga, fitness or alternative healing modalities wishing to develop a deeper understanding of Yin Yoga and Sound Healing for their own personal or vocational purposes;
- Regular clients who love yoga and are looking for a wellness retreat or short experience-based vacation in nature.

#### Our demographic is (from larger scope to main avatar):
- French and International clients (mostly from: Europe and USA) ranging from 25-55 years old;
- English-speaking expats living in the South of France (Nice, Antibes, Cannes, Monaco, Menton and surrounding areas, as well as Paris);
- Our current yoga students and clients from Nice and surrounding area (already introduced to our business);
- Our main client-avatar is: females between 30-45 years old who are interested in: yoga, alternative medicines, hiking, outdoor activities, vegetarian and organic food, ecological affairs, and mainstream spirituality.

### 2. What is our client looking to achieve

This client-avatar is looking for information online on how to get trained or improve their Yin Yoga skills. They are looking for either a formal training or an immersion experience that leads to qualifications for teaching Yin Yoga with Sound Healing support (these two modalities are often used together and lead to combined training). Clients desire to experience an immersion fast-track, retreat-like program that functions as both intensive training and/or short vacation. Budget is an important element, and they usually can’t or afford or don’t wish to invest in flagship trainings from Yoga Alliance, for example. 

They need a well explained presentation, in form of an online webpage, that lays out all the important details on how / where / when they can achieve their goals and what they will get as a result if they sign up to our program. They also expect to have easy access to registration and online payment options, as well as easy contact to inquire about the program if they are unsure or need assistance making a decision.

### 3. How YIN & SOUND IN THE SOUTH will help clients achieve their goals

The webpage is a user-friendly, one-page scrolling site containing text, images, videos and table layouts to help and guide clients into finding the information they are looking for.

#### User Stories:
A female English-speaking expat in the South of France, who relocated with her husband and needs to redefine her career and social life. She is looking to quickly integrate the job marketing by becoming a yoga instructor among expats moms in her small town community with a short and budget-friendly training.

- I want to know upcoming dates and price options for this local training, and so I click on the PRICE & DATES item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see a table with 4 different price packages and a second box with the upcoming training dates in this page-section.

- I want to know details about the precise location where this local training is held, and so I click on the LOCATION item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see descriptions, photos and video in this page-section showcasing the retreat center.

- I want to know details about the training schedule, and so I click on the SCHEDULE item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see the page-section with 5 column-grid showing the schedule from Wednesday(Day1) to Sunday(Day5).

- I want to know details about the training program and the learning outcomes, and so I click on the PROGRAM item on the menu bar to automatically scroll down the page and see a description of the philosophy behind the training, to whom it is for and what I will learn if Ì take the training.

- I want to get to know the teachers in this training, and so I click on the MENTORS item on the menu to automatically scroll down the page and see their bio and profile photo.

- I am ready to enroll in this local training, and so I click on the ENROLL / CONTACT button on the menu bar, or the REGISTER NOW button on the hero image, to automatically scroll down the page and find the registration form.

- I want to inquire about enrollment in this training, and so I click on the ENROLL / CONTACT button on the menu bar, or the REGISTER NOW button on the hero image, to automatically scroll down the page and find the INQUIRE NOW button to get in touch with the staff.

- I am very interested in the training while I get to the bottom of the page into the registration section, but I am not yet ready to enroll, and so I click on the NEWSLETTER button to sign up to receive future news via email related to this training.

### 4. My WireFrame on Figma (link)

https://www.figma.com/proto/SBGSRVoWq5737gajqHsn5VjN/YT?node-id=0%3A1&scaling=min-zoom

This was my first wireframing experience and it was very positive. It took me sometime and frustration to learn how to use Figma, but once I understood it, wireframing became a necessary must. After finishing my wireframed mockup website, I felt secure about going into development because I knew exactly the fonts, colors, layouts and the appearance I was going to achieve through developing on Bootstrap. I feel wirefraning is a time saver, a space where I can make all the design tests and decisions as well as UX mistakes and fixes, so the developing phase is guided and smooth.


## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### 1. Existing Features

(- Feature # - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z)
- Feature 1: Inquire Button and Contact Form
- Feature 2: Enroll Button 
- Feature 3: Newsletter Button

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### 2. Features Left to Implement

- Contact Form
- Mailcnimp Form as Modal
- PayPal payment method




## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- Framework used: Bootstrap4 — Bootstrap has an undeniable power and flexibility, and has great documentation; I used Bootstrap for it’s practicality and cleanliness, as well as because responsiveness is a priority for this project (having a mobile-first design was important for reaching and communicating with the target client)
- Bootstrap4 CSS  — Used for web design in tyling and branding.
- Bootstrap JS — Used for responsiveness, modals, read more collapsing button, smooth scrolling navigation.



## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.



## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.

- Final Version deployed to GitHubPages: https://kescardoso.github.io/milestone1-yinsoundsouth/



## Credits

### Code
1. The smooth scrolling navigation with JQuery was used from Kevin Powell:
	- Youtube Tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0YnVwAuNQI
	-  Code Pen Repository: https://codepen.io/kevinpowell/pen/dWzGox
2. Simple modal contact form from: https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/jquery/modals/forms/
3. Mailchimp Sign up form on modal from Mailchimp and Bootstrapious: 
	- Mailchimp: https://mailchimp.com
	- Bootstrapious: https://bootstrapious.com/p/mailchimp-signup-form

### Media
These photos below are stock-free images obtained from Unsplash:
	- (1) Mountain Range https://unsplash.com/photos/mMzVTy2V1Do
	- (2) Forest Girl https://unsplash.com/photos/yIEN_h5ZC58
	- (3) Orange Cat https://unsplash.com/photos/XpiPvnx0H5M
	- (4) Sunset https://unsplash.com/photos/I2YSmEUAgDY

### Acknowledgements
- I received inspiration for this project from
